---
layout: single
title:  "Now - May 2019"
date:   2019-05-18
published: true
summary: Re-counting blessings in the face of uncertainty.
location: Danang, Vietnam
---

{{< now >}}

## Things I'm Focusing On

> I feel the winds of God today; today my sail I lift.

A sudden and unexpected loss of work has me reeling right now, and I'm feeling done in property management. I need to regroup and figure out where I want to go next.

### Taking a minute to count my blessings

- I'm blessed to have the support of my family, and am grateful for the opportunity to travel and see them.
- I'm blessed to have the friendships I've made through rowing. The conversations both in the boat and over beers have been incredible for keeping me positive.
- I'm blessed to have the friendships I've made through fantasy football. I've found a community of fantastic people who push me to be better every day.  
- I'm blessed to have found responsibilities and projects that give me a sense of purpose. I'm excited to take on more as a rowing coach and as a fantasy football writer, analyst, and developer.
- I'm blessed to be in good health, and for the opportunities to continue getting fitter and stronger.
- I'm blessed to have the opportunity to start fresh - whether that be in a new position or in a new field altogether. I'm confident that I will find the next steps that are right for me.

## Things I'm Putting On The Backburner

This section's empty. It's time to look at those backburners and see what I can get cooking! First thing up? Moving this site off of Google Sites and onto Jekyll/Netlify!
