---
layout: single
title:  "Now - Jan-Feb 2019"
date:   2019-02-02
published: true
summary: Reflecting on 2018 again now that it's over, setting out goals for 2019, discussing DynastyProcess.com.
# hero: /images/hero/archery.jpg
menu:
  sidebar:
    name: 'Now - 2019-02'
    identifier: now-2019-02
    parent: now-archives
---

{{< now >}}

## Things That I'm Focusing On

Finishing up reflections on 2018 and setting out on new goals for 2019. Moving. Launching a new website!

###  Reflections on 2018

2018 was an important year of my life - a catastrophic collapse of my long-term relationship led to a single-minded drive to rebuild my identity. Along the way, I lost 75 pounds, rowed over a million on-water meters, helped coached a successful recreational rowing program, got a dog, and made a lot of new friends. 2018 was good to me - and I'm excited to be moving forward on to 2019.

### Targets for 2019

Weigh: 180 pounds and/or reach 20% body fat [currently 205 lbs, 30%] | Row: 7:00 2K | Row: 3:00:00 marathon | Train for masters rowing regattas, perform at level I can be proud of | Write articles for fantasy football | Eliminate credit card debt | Improve financial health

### New Website!

I just launched [DynastyProcess.com](https://DynastyProcess.com) as a rebrand of my previous website, DynastyDashboard.com. I've moved on from the crutch of Google Sites and am now teaching myself to use Jekyll, which is both exciting and challenging. The new site not only holds a bunch of Excel tools but also a blog in which I hope to explore broader DynastyFF topics like strategy, game theory, bylaws, and data. I've also been working on a large database (and have been convincing a friend to build out a web app for it!)

If I get ambitious, I'll move this page over there too! 

### Moving

My rented condo was recently sold to a new owner and I've been given notice that I have to move out of my home. I'm realizing that I've grown quite attached to my home and the idea of uprooting it all is a bit scary. As a property manager by trade, I'm not SOL in terms of finding a new place, but the unsettling feeling of no longer being at *my* home is a bit challenging. I'm also not looking forward to emptying out the storage areas, where more than a few sentimental past-relationship-mementos have been piling up out of sight for the past year. 

I will say that I'm looking forward to moving closer to the downtown core, which definitely suits my overall circumstances a lot better than being in suburbia.

### Won a Dynasty League Championship!

I'm super excited that I won one of my four dynasty leagues this year! Definitely had more than a few moves pay off enormously: trading two first round picks for Julio Jones, trading Corey Davis for 1.02 (Nick Chubb), NOT trading James Conner for peanuts, grabbing Damien Williams for free. The best part is that the prize pot will help fund future fantasy endeavours (such as my new website, if it really takes off!)

## Things That Are On The Backburner

Juggling a lot right now - stressed about work (new buildings launching very soon) and home (packing to move to a new apartment). Feels like my overall cardio/physical training is on the backburner - it's a huge timesuck and I'm currently feeling very inspired by my fantasy football work, so I think that's where my attention is going to go for the next little bit. 

