---
layout: single
title:  "Now - Feb 2020"
date:   2020-02-17
published: true
summary: Catching up on goals for 2020. 
# hero: '/images/hero/balancestones.jpg'
menu:
  sidebar:
    name: 'Now - 2020-02'
    identifier: now-2020-02
    parent: now-archives
---

{{< now >}}

## Things I'm Focusing On

#### Pressing the reboot button

I woke up recently and realized that I'd slumped into a funk again, which seems to be a recurring theme for me sadly. I'm pressing the reboot button on myself.

Work is going well - I'm excited about the projects, friendships I've made, and personal growth.  I'm keen on continuing to challenge myself there.

That's about the only thing that's going well though. I find myself getting in early (7:30-8:00 am) and leaving a bit later (4:30-5:00 pm), which is pretty good for my work but leaves me feeling drained when I get home. My personal side projects are suffering from neglect. I've lost at least half of the hard work I put in in 2018, tipping the scales at ~240 pounds again when I'd weighed in at 200 pounds on Dec 31, 2018. I haven't worked out in a month, for various excuses.

Pressing the reboot button is all I can do - trying to find the "Mamba Mentality" I had in 2018 when I put my life back on track. The theme for this upcoming phase of my life is **doing the little things** towards my goals - waking up early, doing laundry, eating with purpose [or fasting!], rebuilding erg and lifting habits, and dedicating some time *every day* towards my goals.

Ideally speaking, I'd like to spend one hour each day towards each of three areas: physical [erging, lifting], personal learning [DynastyProcess/DLF apps, research, learning, Twitch streaming?], and social [spending time with friends]. I have no illusions that I'll fall off this train at some point, but I need to take steps and do the little things towards these.
