---
layout: single
title:  "Now - May 2021"
date:   2021-05-24
categories: [Now]
tags: [Now]
# images: '/images/hero/ladder.jpg'
# hero: '/images/hero/ladder.jpg'
summary: "Climbing out of the depths with fasting, streaming, and building new habits."
menu:
  sidebar:
    name: 'Now - 2021-05'
    identifier: now-2021-05
    parent: now-archives
type: thoughts
---

A double update, since my previous now post was written and mired in a sea of depression and didn't make it to publishing. Still worth logging in reflections though.  

I got my first vaccine! I'm embarrassed to have qualified to receive an early dose because of being BMI 40+, and yet grateful still that I did receive it. It's a long confirmation that I've completely erased all of the progress I made in 2018 at losing weight - I now clock in at the highest weight I've ever been. 

I found a weight loss challenge on Reddit, and have taken up fasting as the vehicle I think I can stick with most easily for the duration of the eight weeks (and hopefully longer-term). I started with a 36-hour fast as a "circuit-breaker", and that went well enough that I decided to try a second one...and then a third one... and now have kind of become comfortable with the idea of maintaining ADF as a pattern. I got out to an early lead, but have lost a little progress over the Victoria Day long weekend. 

Twitch streaming has been an immense joy and bright spot - I don't even care how many people are watching, I just enjoy the process of setting a schedule and ensuring that I don't miss any of the sessions (don't-break-the-streak is a huge motivator). I started doing a dedicated data-science/research stream each week to help push me in directions outside of just development/programming.

Rowing has apparently restarted. I'm still of mixed feelings about the whole coaching thing, and unsure what I get out of the coaching process. I've been very limited on spoons to give and unsure I want to "waste" it on a group of people that make me feel drained and frustrated. I certainly don't find a lot of joy at the prospects of dealing with it.

