---
layout: single
title:  "Now - May 2023"
date:   2023-05-14
tags: [Now]
summary: "Starting the year with lots of travel!"
type: thoughts
---

{{< now >}}

Bitten by the travel bug early this year: ski trips to Maine in January, Salt Lake 
City in February, and Austria in March, followed by a work trip to Atlanta in April.

Have honestly enjoyed it enough to start thinking about keeping that streak alive
with more trips this summer: Quebec City in May for sure, then some combination 
of Halifax, Vancouver, Seattle, Portland, and maybe Lisbon this summer? As-yet
unbooked. I'm enjoying the idea and flexibility of working remotely from different
places while I'm relatively unattached and have the ability to do so. It feels
like a nice change of scenery and gives me something to look forward to every month.

I sprained MCLs in both knees due to a skiing incident while I was in SLC, and it 
was a bit of a physical setback. Only just got back into the gym this week, and 
trying to work hard while I'm here + walk a lot on my travels. 

I've also consciously tried to balance time at computer (working) with more off-line
activities, which has meant some tradeoffs in how much I'm able to support projects
like DynastyProcess and nflverse compared to previous years. I also dropped a few
fantasy football leagues due to burnout/fatigue and I don't think I regret doing so.

I still feel a bit lonely at times, especially in-person/separated from friends. 
Also struggling with family issues a lot lately. I'm hopeful that travelling 
helps provide some distraction from that. 

Already working up a bit of a destination list for the fall/winter: 
- Lisbon in Sept? Might be cheaper to fly once school gets back in session. 
- London (StatsBomb Conf, hopefully) in Oct
- Pittsburgh (CMSAC!) in Nov
- team onsite at some point somewhere
- Japan in December (?) Niseko or Hakuba, hopefully!

and maybe more places! I think there's a lot to see in North America that I haven't
managed yet, though, so I might focus on that first 😀
