---
layout: single
title:  "Now - October 2023"
date:   2023-10-16
categories: [Now]
tags: [Now]
# images: '/images/hero/fall-leaves.jpg'
# hero: '/images/hero/fall-leaves.jpg'
summary: "A travelogue, I guess."
menu:
  sidebar:
    name: 'Now - 2023-10'
    identifier: now-2023-10
    parent: now-archives
type: thoughts
url: /now
---

A busy fall of travelling. I'm on my way back from the UK after attending Statsbomb 
Conference and speaking at Shiny in Production, and I had a great time away while 
in PNW through early September.  

Both conferences went great - it was brilliant to meet people in the soccer space
at Statsbomb, especially since I'm not super familiar with the overall landscape
like I am with NFL analytics. I felt a little imposter-y when Bobby and Tiago kept 
introducing me to all of their friends and industry folks as the "GOAT of R", but 
I'm learning to take the compliment for what it's meant to be and not immediately 
think about how inaccurate I feel that is and think about who I would actually
consider as the greatest. It's also super cool to talk to various people who 
_have_ heard of nflverse at a soccer conf. 

The talk went well too - I started writing slides on Monday and I'm super glad at 
how it all came together into a cohesive storyline by Friday. It felt a lot more 
comfortable than when I presented at RStudioConf in 2022, although I think that's 
also a function of a smaller, more niche audience. Very interesting to see that 
my _slides_ alone had made the [R Weekly highlights](https://rweekly.org/2023-W42.html) 
(thank you Tony!) and made for a [nice podcast discussion](https://rweekly.fireside.fm/141?t=635) 
from Eric and Mike. 

Going to these conferences was a good reminder of how grateful I am for the friends 
I've made in these spaces, and I'm also starting to recognize and appreciate the 
reputation/influence that I've seemingly accumulated over the years.

My PNW trip in September was a great chance to properly disconnect from work and 
explore some cities I hadn't visited before. It's a real blessing that my friend
network has become so global that I had friends in every city - a function of 
Zelus being so distributed and that my attention has largely spun global instead 
of local over the last few years. I also had a wonderful time forging a chef's knife 
with Gordon at [Von Helmick Knives](https://www.vonhelmickknives.com/) - super 
cool experience and one I've wanted to do ever since I saw Kenji Lopez Alt promote 
it. Super recommend if you're ever in the Portland area.

Travels aren't over yet - in November I'll be visiting Pittsburgh (for CMSAC and 
a Steelers game) and San Francisco immediately afterwards (for the annual Soccer 
onsite, and catching a 49ers game while there as well). I'm looking forward to these
and yet also getting a little weary - I'm feeling a lot of internal resistance to 
the idea of travelling again to Vietnam or Japan in December to meet with my family
since it _feels_ like a lot of energy. Maybe I'll find it in the time between
now and then.
