---
layout: now
title:  "Now - February 2024"
date:   2024-02-24
location: Ottawa
tags: 
  - now
summary: | 
  Back from travels, fought a bout of COVID, and frustrated by derailed goals.
  Getting back on the horse, slowly.
url: /now
---

{{< now >}}

## Reflections on France trip
In November last year, I booked a digital nomad trip to France for a couple of 
weeks in January 2024, primarily because it was cheap and I figured I would enjoy 
it. It wasn't quite my favourite digital nomad trip ever: I felt a little unsettled
as the trip came up on my calendar and I don't think I enjoyed it quite as much
as I had thought I would. More on that later.

I was very happy to make time to hang out with Mi Yen in London for a weekend: 
we got to eat at some awesome restaurants like [BRAT](https://bratrestaurant.co.uk/) 
and [Humo](https://humolondon.com/) - Humo got a Michelin star _after_ we went there,
and deservedly so! 

I had a mishap with a cancelled flight and ended up changing my plans from a 
city-hopping tour of Marseille -> Montpellier -> Toulouse -> Bordeaux to a more
simplified itinerary, spending one week in Bordeaux and one week in Toulouse. 
It was a pretty good time overall, and especially great to spend some time in 
Toulouse (seeing the game vs Lens with Julien from the Toulouse analyst desk was
incredible stuff). I also got to check out Carcassonne, which was every bit as 
awesome a medieval city as I had hoped and so cool to walk around.

I think in hindsight, I wasn't able to strike any sort of balance: I was unhappy 
with how much time I spent working instead of exploring, and I was unhappy with 
the progress I did make on the work I was doing - it's just harder to work when
away from your usual setup and timezones. I wish I'd taken one week fully off, 
rather than changing scenery for two weeks but not getting to fully enjoy it. 

I also came down with covid on the trip home and it proceeded to flatten me for
nearly three weeks. Another part of the frustrations is that I had felt like I 
was restarting good eating and exercise habits in January on the back of new year's 
resolutions, and between the trip and covid I've lost almost a whole month of 
progress and have to fight my way back through inertia on all of the things I 
wanted my year to look like. I'm frustrated with myself, a seemingly perennial
feeling. 

## Working on

Drowning with work deadlines, mostly, and balancing a couple of freelance projects 
on top of it. I want to work on rebuilding physical habits and getting back into 
some side projects but I've been ever so exhausted and just flat out lack the 
energy and willpower right now. 
