---
layout: now
title:  “now: november 2025”
date:   2025-11-18
location: london, uk
tags: 
  - now
summary: mixing an annual london trip into my new routines
url: /now 
---
{{< now >}}

## london
Having a superb time in London visiting Mimio and attending the ~Statsbomb~ Hudl conference. 

Very grateful to be able to spend quality time with friends and colleagues while I’m here. 

Had the pleasure of attending two sporting events - England vs Serbia men’s soccer and England vs New Zealand men’s rugby - seeing the haka in person was a surreal experience, and both stadiums were super loud and passionate (especially with England winning both games)! 

I also packed in two drop-in volleyball games, ate extremely well (Donia, Singburi, Regency Cafe, and not one but two visits to Dishoom for breakfast), got several massages, and had a great time with Mimio. 


## volleyball obsessed

I’m up to five consecutive days a week of volleyball/sports right now, with leagues on Sunday and Monday, drop-in games on Tuesday and Saturday, training on Fridays, and still making it out to the pub after Friday sports.

It’s definitely a lot, but I’m loving it and have some flexibility with the drop-ins to adjust overall volume - especially with starting to develop a bit of a shoulder tendinitis issue that I’m keeping an eye on. 

I’m glad that the Sunday team wants to continue together into the winter season, that team has been a joy this fall. 

## work 

Work is continuing to go pretty well overall. 

I feel like I have a stronger grasp of the team level planning over the last several months, and that I haven’t lost much touch with coding skills considering how closely I’ve been reviewing everyone’s work after the planning comes through. 

Going into the H2 review season has been a bit of a challenge, especially with added layers of corporate politics, but I’m learning to navigate these slowly over time. 

Another interesting challenge has been planning out a release and then handing off the plan to my team hoping they can lead the engineering side of things while I’m away in London.
I want to trust them to execute and learn how to fix unexpected issues as they come up, so I’m trying to let go while I’m here in London despite every instinct screaming at me to jump in and be involved. It’s harder than expected. 

