---
layout: now
title:  "now - january 2025"
date:   2025-01-25
location: kansas city
tags: 
  - now
summary: | 
  Some notes on the start of the year.
---
{{< now >}}

## writing a little

I wrote a handful of blog posts recently:

- a [/recs](/recs) page that shares some of my favourite bookmarks that I've recommended
to folks
- a longstanding backburnered idea about the [ideal "beginner book"](/beginner-book)
for learning sports analytics and data science programming.
- a quick transcription of a [DSLC.io](https://dslc.io) Slack answer on how to 
read Netlify deploy logs and figure out how to fix a bug. 

I've enjoyed writing again. I'd like to do more of it this year - here are a few 
drafts I've started: 

- a post on R projects being optimally structured as packages
- a post on how to set up python for reticulate & dockerized usage
- a post about aviator-co/av and stacked git branches

## getting active again

Over the Christmas break I swam a few times at the local pool, and enjoyed it 
enough to try and build a habit for it. Working towards an hour a day of steady
state swimming, which currently amounts to about 2,000m of breaststroke each session.
I'm also continuing to play casual assorted sports once a week and added a few 
weekly sessions of volleyball as well. 

Trying to build up good habits and streaks again. If I get the steady state swim
thing down regularly for a couple more weeks I'd like to add 3-4 sessions a week
of lifting as well, see if I can manage consistent two-a-days. 

## travelling soon

I have a trip planned to visit Kansas City and Houston at the end of the month,
aiming to visit a friend, go to the AFC Championship Game, do some flex-work, and 
attend the new American Soccer Insights conference at Rice on Jan 31st! 
