---
layout: now
title:  "now: january 2026"
date:   2026-01-20
location: ottawa, on
tags:
  - now
summary: volleyball go brrr. getting the year started with work. holidays good.
url: /now
---

{{< now >}}

## work

Work is continuing to go pretty well overall - trying to kick off the new year on a good footing.

I feel like I have a stronger grasp of the team level planning over the last several months, and that I haven’t lost much touch with coding skills considering how closely I’ve been reviewing everyone’s work after the planning comes through.

## volleyball obsessed

Still playing a ton of volleyball - I’m up to five consecutive days a week of volleyball right now, with leagues on Sunday and Monday, intermediate training on Saturdays, and drop-in games on Tuesday/Wed/Saturday/Sunday interspersed in between.

It’s definitely a lot, but I’m loving it and have some flexibility with the drop-ins to adjust overall volume.

I've enjoyed playing the Javelin drop-ins a lot lately, some really nice people and a really consistent level of play is great.

I’m also glad that the Sunday team has continued together into the winter season, that team was been a joy this fall.

On top of all of this, I'm still attending Friday night sports :sweat_smile: although not trying nearly as hard there.

## not travelling much

Actively avoiding travel to the US right now (a little sorry that I won't be at ASI conf at the end of the month) and still letting myself be obsessed with volleyball/sports rather than trying to push for any travel.

I do have a Tremblant ski trip planned for late Feb that I'm a little nervous about: haven't skied properly in several years now after injuring my MCLs skiing in 2023 and gaining weight / recovering poorly, but I'm gonna give it a try and see how things go.
