---
layout: single
title:  "Reflections on 2023"
summary: |
  A year of travelling, grind, growth, and loneliness.
date:   2023-12-30
tags: 
  - reflections
showComments: false
---
 
2023 is nearly in the books. What do I want to remember about this year?

- I travelled a lot - ticking off visits to: Maine, Salt Lake City, St Anton, 
Munich, Atlanta, Quebec City, Halifax, Victoria, Vancouver, Seattle, Portland, 
London, Barcelona, Newcastle, Pittsburgh, and San Francisco. I'm glad I was able 
to take advantage of opportunities to travel for both work and pleasure while I'm 
lucky enough to have this combination of life stage, fully remote work, and 
sufficient financial freedom.

- I worked a lot, with long hours and lots of grind to go in between all of the 
travels. I'm becoming more comfortable in my role with Zelus's soccer group and 
continuing to enjoy the challenges of using my data/programming/engineering skills
to support club decisions. I was promoted to MLE II (L4) this year and have been 
working towards the next level of the role ladder. I've spent some time figuring 
out what sort of path I want to take between being a senior individual contributor 
vs more of a manager/engineering lead track, and I don't quite have that ironed 
out yet. 

- I also worked on some interesting freelance opportunities this year. There's 
always some appeal with these side-gigs, especially financially, but there are 
also some inherent struggles with time management. My previous attempt (in 2021) 
at balancing part-time freelance with full-time work ended in a rather horrific 
bout of burnout. I'm trying to be more cautious this time around and so far I
think it's been fairly manageable.

- I've started to transition my side projects towards a more long-term planning 
and sustainability-focused lens rather than being a hyperactive solo developer. 
I wrote out governance documents and started looking into ways we could improve 
the [bus factor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bus_factor) for the nflverse. It's 
been slow-going, but forward-planning these things is important for making sure 
that our work endures and continues to support public NFL analytics in the future. 
I've been thinking about sunsetting the DynastyProcess project - while it's got 
the largest user base, I spend almost none of my time on it and I think there are 
others in the space that are doing very good work - esp FantasyCalc.

- I gave talks at two conferences ([ShinyConf](/talks/2023-03_shinyconf2023_debugging/) 
and [Shiny in Production](/talks/2023-10_shinyprod2023_logging/)) and attended 
two more (Statsbomb, CMSAC). I enjoyed giving these talks a lot more than the one 
I gave at RStudioConf in 2022 - the pressure felt less with both online and with 
smaller in-person audiences. I'm also starting to recognize this feeling of being 
somewhat "famous" in my niches (NFL data, sports data, Shiny, and R). I've felt
some discomfort with this, but I'm reluctantly coming to accept that it's a
natural outcome from the work I've done and the work I continue to enjoy doing,
and that it's something I should feel comfortable taking more pride in. 

- I felt extremely [global](https://sive.rs/local) and conversely not very local. 
I'm happy about the friends I've made in the NFL, soccer, sports-data, and R 
communities, and that everywhere I went this year had a friend or two nearby 
that I could visit - especially being at Zelus, where I could meet colleagues 
anywhere! While that's great, I'm starting to feel socially isolated, especially
at home where my connections to local friends have fallen off quite a lot.

- I regretted not joining sports like rowing, ultimate frisbee, or flag football
this past year. I sprained both MCLs during a ski incident in February, and 
between rehabbing that and a busy travel schedule I decided that I wouldn't be
around enough to give sports enough of my time. As it turns out, I could have 
joined them anyways, missed what I needed to miss, and I would have been happier
(more locally-connected) and healthier (more active). Instead, I neglected physical 
health this year and am heavier and less fit than I have been in recent memory. 
It's a demoralizing and ugly feeling, and worse is that I don't feel like I'm in 
shape (knees, cardio, core strength, or otherwise) to really enjoy skiing this 
year - enough that I decided to shelve skiing this season until I regained some 
fitness and cut some weight. 

- I made a point to seek out help for mental health issues this year and got onto 
medication for ADHD. It's been helpful but not as life-changing as I had hoped: 
I noticed a small overall improvement as I gradually ramped up in dosage, and 
maybe noticed more that I was much worse without taking it (and therefore wasn't 
really aware of how bad I was without the reference point). I want to continue 
seeking out the help I need to when I need it - I've seen how low I can get and 
how hard the struggles are to manage alone.

- I spent a lot of time alone this year between my solo travels and my entirely 
remote work. While I've had many happy moments in that solitude, the feeling of 
being socially isolated has persistently shadowed me - especially in the growing 
distance with local friends. It's been three years since I last rowed and been a
significant part of that friend circle, and it's been about six years since I was 
last in a serious relationship. I'm feeling the spectre of loneliness more and 
more, and it's something I need to work on in 2024. 
