---
layout: single
title: "Regatta Cheatsheet"
url: /regatta-guide
hero: "/images/rowing/regatta.jpg"
date: 2019-07-05
type: rowing
menu:
  sidebar:
    name: 'Regatta Cheatsheet'
    identifier: regatta
    parent: rowing
---


## The ORC Rec Guide to Regattas

A guide to everything regattas: a packing list, approximate scheduling, de-rigging and re-rigging, trailer loading, rules of racing, race plans, and more.

## Contents
1. [Equipment List]({{page.url}}/#equipment-list)
2. [Scheduling]({{page.url}}/#scheduling)
3. [De-Rigging and Rigging]({{page.url}}/#de-rigging-and-rigging)
4. [Trailer Loading]({{page.url}}/#trailer-loading)
5. [Rules of Racing]({{page.url}}/#rules-of-racing)
6. [Race Plans]({{page.url}}/#race-plans)

## Equipment List

A list of gear to pack in your regatta bag.

  - Three wrenches: 10mm, 7/16", **and** an adjustable - you will need all three! (Ratcheting helps but is not required.)
  - Sunscreen, bug spray
  - Water
  - Snacks, food
  - ID, money for concession stand
  - Optional: First aid kit (including anti-septic, bandages, blister bandages, after-bite, sunburn lotion etc)

  - ORC uni (or a uni top) - a red shirt will do in a pinch but will create problems at more serious regattas
  - Spare rowing outfit
  - Rain jacket
  - Change of clothes
  - Towel
  - Flip flops
  - Sunglasses
  - Hat

  - Oakleys, bucket hat, Fat Ergos uni, Crocs, butter for greasing boat (all optional, for free speed)

## Scheduling
Generally speaking, the process for any regatta looks like this, but check with coaches to confirm exact dates/times.

1. Day before: derig all boats going to regatta, load onto trailer, secure.
2. Morning of: arrive at minimum two hours before your scheduled start time to ensure that you have time to rig your boat, get any last minute regatta-specific instructions, and launch at the start. The two hours will disappear incredibly quickly.
3. After races, derig the boat again and load onto trailer.
4. Either same day or next day (check with coach), arrive at ORC for trailer unloading and re-rigging.

## Derigging and Rigging
Derigging
1. Get the boat on stretchers, guts up - this will likely require the help of others.
2. Determine whether the boat uses 7/16" or 10mm hardware, and get the appropriate hardware out.
3. If others are helping you, divide and conquer: one person (or team of people) go around and loosen all of the rigger nuts and bolts until they are finger-loose, while the other person follows behind to remove the hardware with their fingers, putting the nuts and bolts back into the loose rigger and finger-tightening. Once all nuts and bolts are loosened, that person should ensure that all seats are fastened to the boat with bungee cords. If no bungee cords are available, worst-case you can remove the seats from the boat and place with riggers, but this is generally a very poor alternative that leads to missing equipment.
4. Place all of the boat's riggers in a pile near the truck/trailer.

Follow procedure in reverse for rigging - stretchers, finger-tighten nuts and bolts, finish with wrenches, remove bungee cords from seats. Also a good opportunity to check shoes, heel-tiedowns, and speedwashers.

## Trailer Loading


## Rules of Racing

## Race Plans
