---
layout: now
title:  "Now - Dec 2020"
date:   2020-12-26
categories: [Now]
tags: [Now]
hero: '/images/hero/christmas.jpg'
summary: "Reflecting on a tough year."
menu:
  sidebar:
    name: 'Now - 2020-12'
    identifier: now-2020-12
    parent: now-archives
url: /now
---
### Things that have my attention

This month's obsession was most definitely [Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com/2020) - I've unwrapped a code puzzle and tackled it every day since December 1st! I'm very pleased to have completed every day's puzzle on the day it was released. I was staying up to solve it for quite some time, until it was taking 3+ hours each time...that was definitely too much. I've learned a ton about programming by doing these, including loops, recursion, and optimising for speed/minimal-memory. 

I've been enjoying Assassin's Creed Valhalla lately. 

I'm disappointed that Ontario is creeping back into lockdown - it definitely throws a bit of a wrench in my early-season skiing hobbies this year. 

It's gotten cold and lifting has been much harder to be motivated for - the bar is super duper cold!

### This year's successes

- I joined R4DS Slack Community and it's been an amazing community to be part of - making many new friends, having fun learning new things to become a better R programmer, and helping others also get better by answering their questions. 
- I've made many new friends through the TDM Dynasty server and through the offshoot Mafia server that came off of it.
- Getting out as a rowing coach this summer was awesome, no matter how much I disliked the admin-bits of it, because I got to see and hang out with my friends as if it was a normal year. 
- Continuing to hang out and work on projects through DynastyProcess with Joe has been awesome - his friendship and support has been incredible throughout the year.

---

- Work has been fantastic as a source of stability and routine. I wrapped up the second version of the core project in November/December and have appreciated the time to learn and work through some forecasting and predictive analytics for the upcoming year - really looking forward to continuing my growth as a data scientist/analyst/developer there. 
- DynastyProcess has quadrupled in size this year, going from an average of 10,000 unique monthly users to **over 40,000** (as of October/November)!
- I can definitely credit the mobile-first calculator for a bulk of that popularity gain - it's definitely much easier to use than before. 

---

- I made the [ffscrapr R package](https://ffscrapr.dynastyprocess.com) a reality this year, managing to get it to support three different fantasy football platforms AND putting it onto CRAN!
- I [carved a pumpkin every week](https://tanho.ca/pumpkins) in October, and loved the meditative process that went with it.
- I completed every single [Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com) puzzle on the day it came out, and learned a ton about efficient R programming. 
- I made a bunch of cool new apps for DynastyProcess and taught myself the beginnings of ML. 
- I rebuilt my computer with some upgraded parts, and have been enjoying the improvements in computing power!

### Disappointments

I'm disappointed about my weight gain over the pandemic, and the frequency at which I slumped into a depression and burnout. I can't wait for 2021, vaccines, and a gradual return to normalcy. 
