---
layout: now
title:  "Now - Oct 2020"
date:   2020-10-04
categories: [Now]
tags: [Now]
hero: '/images/hero/pumpkins.jpg'
summary: Setting out some thoughts to round out the year. 
menu:
  sidebar:
    name: 'Now - 2020-10'
    identifier: now-2020-10
    parent: now-archives
url: /now
---
### Things that have my attention

Revisiting early-2020 / pre-pandemic goals now in an effort to end 2020 on par with where I started it:

- Restarting physical training and working towards regaining habits: cleared out garage space for my erg and brought home my lifting rack, barbell, and weights. Already have clocked three erg workouts last week, hoping to work my way up to five sessions per week this month between weights and ergs, and then up to an hour a day by end of year.
- Restarting intermittent fasting and/or OMAD - trying for 20/4 and working way up to 23/1 again. Along with this, re-starting ECA supplementation.

I figure I'm going to be awake around twelve hours each day at a minimum - going forward, I'd like to block off three hours each day, one for each of:

- physical training (erg or lifting)
- disconnected time (no phone or computer) - social, coaching, or artistic
- personal dev projects (new ffscrapr methods, advR maintenance, crystal ball, potential points, etc)

### Ideas I'm chewing on

It's October! One of my favourite artistic mediums is pumpkin carving. I have quite the collection of these and I need an outlet. I think I'll go for a carve a week (possibly more, if inspiration strikes) and work some of the creativity muscle away from the computer.

I also want to be in enough shape to do a HM during Crazy Bear. I'm barely in shape to do 30 minutes, but increasing time/distance linearly until Nov 15 doesn't seem out of reach. 
