---
layout: now
title:  "Now - October 2021"
date:   2021-10-04
categories: [Now]
tags: [Now]
images: '/images/hero/fall-pumpkin.jpg'
hero: '/images/hero/fall-pumpkin.jpg'
summary: "Chiselling away at fasting, freelance, travel, and pumpkins!"
menu:
  sidebar:
    name: 'Now - 2021-10'
    identifier: now-2021-10
    parent: now-archives
type: thoughts
url: /now
---

Turned around and it's already October! Quickfire notes, while I'm in here adding pumpkin pics 🥰

I'm still on the 36/12 fasting and coming up on 50% of the way to the goal weight (SW 280 CW 235 GW 180). Progress has slowed a tad, but I've reveled in the freedom found by discipline - the momentum of "don't break the streak" energy has been a bit of a lifesaver.

Bit off a tad more than I could chew I think in freelance work, and I'm walking the tightrope over a burnout canyon. It's worthwhile in the sense of exploring my limits, interests, and capacity though, and I'm glad I'm doing it. 

Very excited about planning an actual birthday trip at the end of the month to England. Hopefully will catch a Liverpool game, meet up with some friends on that side of the pond, take in some classic touristy sights, and hang out with my sister. 

Starting to think about setting some physical fitness goals, despite not having put any actual physical effort in yet. Thinking about being in better shape to ski, at least - had gained too much weight last season that skiing was untenable, but if I'm in the <220s range I should be able to enjoy it more!

Carving pumpkins again. Hoping to bang out one a week, perhaps more if I'm really keen. Got some good ideas again, which is really nice - especially glad with how the Sisyphus + COVID mashup turned out. 

Twitch, as ever, continues to be a bright spot, and I'm making great friends in that community and online. Staving off loneliness in my personal life though, I'm not really happy there and really should do something about it soon.

Successes since the last now post in July:

- ffsimulator hit CRAN!
- nflreadr, a new package I'm collaborating on with Sebastian Carl, also hit CRAN!
- I'm taking on more ownership of my role within the nflverse data and package universe, and relishing it.
- my ADF streak has remained unbroken!
