---
layout: now
title:  "Now - August 2023"
date:   2023-08-31
categories: [Now]
tags: [Now]
images: '/images/hero/cliffjump.jpg'
hero: '/images/hero/cliffjump.jpg'
summary: "Grinding through the dog days of summer"
menu:
  sidebar:
    name: 'Now - 2023-08'
    identifier: now-2023-08
    parent: now-archives
type: thoughts
url: /now
---

August is over already, and with it a full year at Zelus is in the books. I really put my nose to the grindstone this past summer, churning out a lot of work projects at a fairly high clip. I’m still feeling really fulfilled and challenged by the work. It was pretty good to have this year’s effort recognized with a nice annual review and a smallish promotion to MLE 2. 

I’d had a lot of grand plans to take advantage of remote work by working from new places this year, and I think overall I did less than I was hoping: a May week in Quebec City and a July week in Halifax were both fun, I kind of wish I’d fit in a couple more stays like that. I’m on a plane now to PNW for a proper week-plus off and I’m glad for the opportunity to disconnect and recharge. 

I’m so glad for the many new friends I’ve made this year, both at Zelus and externally. It’s nice to feel like anywhere you go, there are friends to meet up with - I've got a checklist of ten-ish people to visit on this trip to PNW. 

I fell off the exercise habit entirely sometime in June and in hindsight really regret not signing up for some sort of sport. I’d thought I would be travelling too much to commit time and money, but clearly I overestimated my ability to find travel.  Rowing has some appeal again, but even signing up for frisbee, flag football, or martial arts would have been worthwhile weekly anchors if I could manage it. 

I felt incredibly burnt out of fantasy football earlier this spring/summer, but starting up a redraft best ball auction league was just the right thing to get me back into it. It’s gotten my creative juices back up again for ffsimulator, and I’ve been dabbling at that again with hopes of implementing a few meaningful improvements. 

The fall is shaping up to be a busy travel one: this trip to PNW, a week in October to the UK for Statsbomb Conf and (speaking at) Shiny in Production, a week in Nov visiting Pittsburgh for CMSAC + SF for work, and maybe some time in Japan this December? 